readme.md, before:



# js13k 2022

## DEATH ON A JET PACK

### LAST PUSH
- need have a 2nd bad guy that shoots differently
    - aka uses the angle to determine the shot
    - this bad will be colored slightly differently

- need a 3rd bad guy that shoots in a curved way?
    - this bad will be colored differently

- need scrolling backgrounds

- need bads to come out slower

- what is final game play here?

- need bad guys to explode if hit
    - add score here



### gamescene3 is the soccer idea?

- need to work on shooting of souls toward target
    - here how to translate angle
    - to a dx and dy component for a straight directed shot
    
- need to work on a background
    - need 3 starry panels
    - flip/rotate them randomly
    - use as background
    - should make it fairly random

- need to work on a ground (like background)
    - maybe some mountains?
    - maybe something else?


- need at least 3 types of bads (all diff color?)
    - straight not fast shot
    - angled faster shot
    - slow shot with a curve

Commit message:

saving work from this morning

readme.md, after:



# js13k 2022

## DEATH ON A JET PACK

### LAST PUSH
- need have a 2nd bad guy that shoots differently
    - aka uses the angle to determine the shot
    - this bad will be colored slightly differently

- need a 3rd bad guy that shoots in a curved way?
    - this bad will be colored differently

- need scrolling backgrounds

- need bads to come out slower

- what is final game play here?

- need bad guys to explode if hit
    - add score here
    - TODO: this might change a lot
    - it messes with the state machine I wrote

- TODO: a bug if a player comes down over a rocket
    - the rocket can stick and stop moving


### gamescene3 is the soccer idea?

- need to work on shooting of souls toward target
    - here how to translate angle
    - to a dx and dy component for a straight directed shot
    
- need to work on a background
    - need 3 starry panels
    - flip/rotate them randomly
    - use as background
    - should make it fairly random

- need to work on a ground (like background)
    - maybe some mountains?
    - maybe something else?


- need at least 3 types of bads (all diff color?)
    - straight not fast shot
    - angled faster shot
    - slow shot with a curve
